as is Del 3524 here we're going to be
doing a review the dell optiplex gx620
small form factor so let's begin the
walk around all right up front we had
the microphone jack headphone jack two
USB ports floppy drive and a CD drag
going around the back here we have
here's power port uh audio out I'll UN
microphone port 10 x 100000 ethernet
port six more USB ports older purport
vga ports in the serial port then you
got to expansion bays down here i am
going to do a boot up test here so
that'll be to put up right now all right
we're routed into bios here so it has an
intel pentium 4 HT its 2.8 gigahertz
buzzfeed 800 megahertz cat size 1
megabyte no multi core capabilities
hyper-threading yes and 64-bit
technology this currently has two
gigabytes of ddr2 RAM and it is dual
channel and they're running at 400
megahertz nothing in the pci slots right
now once again it does have a floppy
drive and CD drive video video size 8
megabytes that is just for the system
not for the entire thing but this this
does have a 80 gigabyte hard drive on it
which has windows XP so will boot that
up right now alright we are now all
logging into windows here momentarily
um is if you watch my last video it was
a dell CD drive tray and there was a
question Anya oddly i'll be doing it
more probably not on this one but the
next one I put up it'll be s question
and if you answer it i'll might give you
a gift or something but I don't know
what'll be yet so so let's go into the
computer I'll properties alright a
windows XP professional version 2002
serves pic three once again Intel for HT
2.8 with two gigs of RAM everything
works actually ok no problems with it
yet well this been the review of the
dell optiplex gx620 small form factor
why don't we break the wall
they come again